[Too Young To Love]
[Episode 14]
Xuan.
Drink up.
Okay.
Honey,
happy time.
Wow.
Honey, you're amazing.
Which episode is this?
Episode 4.
Zhou Mingde hasn't found out yet?
This woman is so wicked.
Watch with me for a bit.
Okay.
It's from my sister.
Hello, Sister.
I didn't forget.
We...
We'll go in a couple of days.
Okay, don't worry.
Alright. Bye.
Is everything okay?
It's okay.
She asked us to go over.
Princess, time to get up!
Coming.
It's still early!
Early?
It's already afternoon.
Your aunt called.
She asked us to go over.
I'm not going!
Why not?
We go every year.
It wouldn't be right to skip this year.
I...
I have major courses this year.
Did you forget?
Right.
You just stay there for two days
and then come back.
I have class tomorrow.
Then let's go there
the day after tomorrow.
Okay?
Dad, I really can't go this time.
I have an interview for Professor Ye's
course when school starts.
I'm practicing every day.
Every second counts.
Yeah.
How can I be at ease
leaving you home alone?
You're so forgetful.
You might even get lost.
When we get there, I'll take you out
for something good, okay?
Why...
can't I stay home alone?
I can just order takeout.
Takeout is so unhealthy.
Alright. If she doesn't want to go,
don't push it.
She goes there every year.
Skipping one year wouldn't matter.
No...
It's just...
Takeout is unhealthy.
And she can't cook.
Xiaole can cook.
What's it to you?
I'll call Tong.
You're staying at Xiaole's place.
No...
Are you really calling him?
Dad, I really can manage on my own.
-What can you do?
-Don't ask him to come. I'm not going.
You can't!
I really can.
Cut the crap.
Mr. Yi.
Xiaole, you're here.
For the next few days,
I'll leave her in your care.
Your dad told you, right?
Yeah.
And
remember:
don't let her wander off,
don't let her get hurt,
and pick her up
and drop her off for class.
Don't worry, Mr. Yi.
My parents and I
will take good care of her.
I object!
If you object, then come with me.
He definitely doesn't want this either.
Mr. Yi,
if Yi Lan doesn't stay at my place,
I'll report to you immediately.
Then you can come take her away.
It's settled then.
Lan,
take good care of yourself.
Bye.
Let's go.
-Uncle Dong, take care.
-Lan.
-Okay.
-Bye.
Bye, Mrs. Yi.
Bye.
Just go home.
I'll be fine here by myself.
Oh.
Mr. Yi!
Yi Lan said I should...
Come back.
She said you should take care
and stay safe!
Then
I'll go pack your luggage.
No need.
I'll do it myself.
Are my shoes still there?
Yeah.
It's not like it's your first time here.
S-Staying at your place is fine,
but we need to set three ground rules.
Stay out of my business.
I couldn't care less about your business.
What are the other two rules?
I haven't thought of them yet.
I'll tell you when I do.
Where...
Where do I sleep?
I don't want to sleep in your bed.
Well, if you don't sleep in my room,
are you planning to sleep
in my parents' room?
Where would they sleep
when they get back tonight?
Look at this mess!
I just woke up.
It's normal for it to be messy.
And my dad keeps praising you
for being tidy.
Well, should I take off
your duvet cover first?
What are you doing?
Didn't I say I'm changing it to mine?
Well,
do you even know how to take it off?
Of course I do!
Move aside!
-Just go back to get your duvet first.
-Right now.
Rule number two:
no physical contact.
I... I'll go back to get my sheets.
What are you looking at?
You aren't looking for photos of yourself,
are you?
No.
I...
need to head out for my class later.
Can you give me a key to your place?
No need. I'll be home all day today.
What if you're not here tomorrow?
Tomorrow?
We'll worry about tomorrow when it comes.
What time is your class later?
4 PM.
Oh.
It's already 3:30 PM.
3:30 PM?
Then get out. I need to change.
You only have 20 minutes left.
You won't make it by bus.
Even if you take a taxi,
you'll probably still be late.
Can I borrow your e-bike?
You're seriously going
to ride my e-bike with something that big?
I'll just give you a lift.
Thanks.
Hurry up.
Open the door.
Me first.
Why?
This is my room now.
This is still my house.
You're just staying here temporarily.
Move aside. I got here first!
I've already got one foot in.
Who got here first?
I don't care.
Ladies first.
Yi Lan...
Mom, Yi Lan is bullying me.
Xiaole.
Your dad and I got held up on the road.
We won't be back for a few days.
What's wrong?
Is Lan settling in okay at our place?
Everything is fine.
Don't worry, Mom.
Then take good care of her.
Okay, got it.
What happened?
My mom said
they aren't coming back tonight.
How about
I
take you to your aunt's place?
No!
We agreed you'd stay out of my affairs.
Get up. You're filthy!
Like I'd even care.
So noisy.
When did he get so weird?
Hello.
Dad.
What's up?
You look like you're in a bad mood.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I'm fine.
I just took a shower.
Where are you?
Where are Xiaole and his parents?
Xiaole...
is right next to me.
Look.
Uncle Dong.
Don't worry.
I just cooked for her.
She ate two big bowls
and said it was really good.
Thank you.
No problem.
I have to go now.
Okay.
All right.
Bye, Uncle Dong.
Bye, Dad.
Good night.
Bye.
Xiaole.
It's so late,
and you're with your girlfriend?
You were saying hello to her parents?
You two made up?
Don't talk nonsense.
I'm out. You guys have fun.
Can we talk?
About what?
Why have you been avoiding me?
I've been avoiding you?
You're the one who has been avoiding me.
How dare you accuse me first!
Not only did you stop calling
and reaching out to me,
but you also
got yourself other female friends.
I have other female friends?
Yes.
After everything
you said to me before,
you fell
for someone else that quickly?
I didn't.
Then you...
Never mind.
I'm going to take a shower.
[Photographer] [Highlights] [Updates]
Tong Xiaole, why do you have this photo...
Are you just going
to keep staring at me like that?
Hurry up and wash up. Breakfast is ready.
I didn't bring any cosmetics.
♪ I can see you once I open my eyes ♪
♪ Silly me, can't help but gaze at you ♪
♪ Your love is like a pink cloud ♪
♪ Whenever you come near ♪
♪ I lose myself in you ♪
You're done already?
I'm heading home.
♪ The corners of my mouth turn up
simply at the thought of you ♪
You're going home?
Yeah.
Why are you going home? Yi Lan!
To get some stuff!
♪ My IQ goes to zero ♪
♪ Calories are my only cure ♪
♪ I want a cup of boba tea with sugar ♪
♪ With you around ♪
♪ I feel like an untethered wild horse ♪
♪ Love is the reason for gaining weight ♪
♪ Boba tea with sugar means I like you ♪
♪ Warm palms ♪
♪ The pleasant smell of love ♪
♪ I sync my playlist with yours
in secret ♪
♪ Let our hearts beat in sync ♪
♪ Let us breathe in sync ♪
♪ I absolutely, totally,
and utterly adore you ♪
♪ Boba tea with sugar ♪
♪ My dream for each new day ♪
♪ Is to hold you ♪
♪ And have fun, hee-hee ♪
♪ Without doubt ♪
♪ The boba ♪
♪ And pudding in my tea ♪
♪ Are all yours ♪
♪ You are everything I want ♪
♪ Can I add pudding in my boba tea? ♪
♪ Sure ♪
♪ Can I add boba? ♪
♪ Can I add anything? ♪
♪ Then add me on WeChat! ♪
♪ Boba tea with sugar means I like you ♪
♪ Warm palms ♪
♪ The pleasant smell of love ♪
♪ I sync my playlist with yours
in secret ♪
♪ Let our hearts beat in sync ♪
♪ Let us breathe in sync ♪
♪ I absolutely, totally,
and utterly adore you ♪
♪ Boba tea with sugar ♪
♪ My dream for each new day ♪
♪ Is to hold you ♪
Do you want some breakfast?
♪ And have fun, hee-hee ♪
Okay.
♪ Without doubt ♪
♪ The boba ♪
♪ And pudding in my tea ♪
♪ Are all yours ♪
♪ You are everything I want ♪
I'll go get you some milk.
Xiaole, you're going out
to take photos this afternoon, right?
I'm free today.
If you need an assistant, let me know.
Sure.
Then this afternoon...
You're going out to take photos
this afternoon?
Today's shooting schedule is pretty heavy.
I probably can't handle it alone.
I can help you.
You?
Yeah.
Why
do you suddenly want to help me?
I'm short of money.
Manman, sorry.
I already have an assistant
for this afternoon.
Thank you.
Right.
Dude, put the peace sign down.
Look at my camera.
Dude, can you put your arm
around her shoulder?
Right.
Beautiful.
Miss, could you rest your hand on him?
Not like that.
Yi Lan!
Come here.
Miss, just like this.
Rest your hand on his shoulder.
Yes.
Dude, wrap your arm
around her waist naturally.
Then look into her eyes.
Right.
Just like that!
Fill light.
So beautiful.
That jawline is simply perfect.
One,
two,
three.
Great.
One more shot.
Listen to this song.
♪ You make me forget
all the noise and chaos around me ♪
♪ You fill my future
with so much fantasy ♪
♪ With you by my side, I walk
through every morning and sunset ♪
Don't move.
Biscuit crumbs.
♪ Just wanna share the ordinary days
with you ♪
♪ My heart won't stop its racing beat ♪
♪ The sweetness when our eyes meet ♪
♪ Each time we meet,
it's as if the dream goes on ♪
♪ How I wish to tell you ♪
♪ It's not a coincidence or a miracle ♪
Yi Lan.
♪ It's destiny ♪
You...
♪ Sharing my earbuds with you ♪
♪ Connecting you to my heartbeat ♪
haven't fallen for me, have you?
♪ Scrolling up and down the playlist ♪
♪ Disrupting the rhythm of my breath ♪
♪ On repeat, the song
tells the secret I can't speak ♪
♪ The smile at the corner of your lips ♪
♪ Makes me wonder ♪
It's okay.
Anyway,
♪ If Cupid's golden arrow
has finally found you ♪
I've decided not to like you anymore.
♪ Sharing my earbuds with you ♪
♪ Sharing with you ♪
♪ Connecting you to my heartbeat ♪
Stop kissing!
Dad!
U-Uncle Dong.
I...
What are you two doing?
Did you just kiss my daughter?
Mr. Yi.
Xiaole.
Are you and Lan together now?
Mom.
Please don't ask about this.
I can handle it myself.
Tong, say something.
I didn't expect
you would get a girlfriend.
Lan is a nice girl.
She's always cheerful.
Our families know each other well too.
That's good.
It's just that Mr. Yi...
This is really annoying.
What's really going on
between you and Xiaole?
His parents weren't home.
Why didn't you tell me?
I'm furious.
Are you two together?
No...
Not really.
What do you mean by that?
If you're not together,
why were you two kissing?
I'm going crazy!
Did he take advantage of you?
Did he force you?
Fine, I'm going to ask him myself.
Dad!
Where are you going?
How about...
give it a try?
Xiaole, tell us what you think.
Well,
about this,
I'll listen to Dad.
Mr. Yi
brags about his daughter all day long,
saying how great she is
and how well she plays the cello.
He spoils her way too much.
Yeah.
In the future,
our Xiaole
is probably gonna have to put up
with a lot.
Alright.
Get ready.
Mr. Yi
will definitely be here any minute.
Will he?
Yeah.
See?
Go open the door.
So soon.
Xiaole.
Come with me.
Just follow my lead.
Don't be scared.
Coming.
Easy, easy.
Mr. Yi, come in.
Please have a seat.
Hurry.
Lan.
Have a seat.
-Honey.
-Have a seat.
Make some tea.
I just made some good tea for you.
Hurry.
Serve the tea.
I'll pass on the tea.
Have a sip.
Have some.
As for this matter,
I am also responsible.
I shouldn't have let our Lan stay here.
It caused you unnecessary trouble.
But there is one thing
I need to find out.
Xiaole,
what exactly are your feelings
for our Lan?
They are grown up now.
As for their business,
we should let them decide for themselves.
We should
stay out of it.
Stay out of it.
You're telling me to stay out of it?
My daughter has suffered so much.
And you're telling me to stay out of it?
Your words are out of line.
Xiaole is my son.
I know his character better than anyone.
The way you're doubting him
clearly means you don't trust me.
It's not that I don't trust you.
And I'm not doubting him.
Then... But our Lan
would never make the first move.
Xiaole must have taken advantage of her.
My son is so excellent.
What's wrong with Lan liking him?
That's impossible!
My daughter has never even been
in a relationship before!
How could she possibly like him first?
It was Lan who pursued him.
I said it's impossible!
Absolutely impossible!
The two of them stayed alone together
for so long!
A boy and a girl under one roof,
who knows what Xiaole might have done?
Who knows what could've happened?
What are you doing?
Nothing happened.
Really? Nothing happened at all?
Nothing!
Mr. Yi, what are you doing?
Calm down.
Did you make the first move?
Uncle Dong.
I apologize to you and Lan.
About what happened today,
I was the one who made the first move.
See that?
Tong,
he made the first move, right?
Yes.
Do you like our Lan?
Uncle Dong.
All this time,
my feelings for Lan have been one-sided.
But my feelings for Lan are real.
Tong, did you hear that?
One-sided.
Do you know what "one-sided" means?
Xiaole, let me make this clear.
Starting today,
you are not allowed to see our Lan.
Do you hear me?
Let's go home, Lan.
Let's go home.
Alright.
You acted like a real man.
But remember this:
you have to take responsibility
for your actions.
Do you hear me?
Got it, Dad.